welcome to slash forward into the week
of horny af
normal releases perpetuated here as we
look at the 2009 film jennifer's body if
you've been looking to fulfill the
insatiable hunger inside while also
adding sheen to your hair
subscribe to the channel let's get to it
we open in a psych ward where a
well-loved sociopath named anita
narrates for us
after wreck time we learn that she's
unafraid to show the orderlies what's
what
willingly taking time in the hole when
they try to regulate her toastum's
consumption then we flash back from
where we are to where we started
devil's kettle a sleepy town named after
a waterfall attached to a charming
bottomless vortex here needy lives a
mundane life
spent watching her friend watch
infomercials the first sign of
psychopathy but we snapped back two
months earlier to see life even more
normal than before
or later i guess and as normal as high
school could be for a 23 year old
it's just needy and jennifer a couple of
gals taking in some shows trying to
nibble on some salty treats which is
what jennifer calls boys
needy tries on some fits looking for the
perfect choice so as to avoid siphoning
any attention away from jennifer and is
helped by her boyfriend chip
who goes clawing in his belt the second
she gets close thirsty jennifer then
arrives and they engage in some girly
grab ass before heading out to the local
club which is more of a local dive bar
for bikers
she's lusted after by every adult male
but her eyes are locked on the lead
singer
of the evening's headliner low shoulder
she wastes no time introducing herself
and laying out subtle inclinations of
her sexual intentions
and as she goes to get the boys some
drinks needy overhears them speculate
about her purity with their preference
being for someone more pure
needy is offended by this but jennifer
is non-plussed i'm not even a
backdoor version and she plays along
with this new intel to make herself more
attractive in their eyes
then the boys hit it and absolutely
shred some top 40 pop rock [ __ ]
reasonably bored with this needy spaces
out staring as a fire creeps along the
rafters
she takes in the carnage before she and
jennifer find a safe path out in the
parking lot the destruction is of an
almost comical magnitude and then
jennifer opts to hop in the van with the
band we need to go blow off some steam
after losing all their gear
needy gets home and calls chip as she's
concerned about jennifer's well-being
but it's all good because jennifer is
there and appears to be alive although
completely drenched in blood she eats
like an animal and pukes up some spiky
black tar
and then gets in close for a little
goodbye nibble before leaving the next
day the first hand survivors are the
talk of the school as the students stare
and presume her vacant disposition is a
result of ptsd
turns out she is just revisiting a
delicious early childhood memory in
which she and jennifer became blood
buddies on the playground then jen
arrives acting
super nonchalant and even laughing
through the accounting of all the
students and staff lost to the tragic
fire a little freaked out about this
needy tries to confide in chip but
he brushes it off jennifer meanwhile
offers condolences
to jonas having lost his best friend in
the accident she offers to tell him
about craig's final moments
but in the woods where they have some
privacy here she gets all up in honoring
craig's memory
and their grief is so pure even the
animal kingdom can't help but to
celebrate and bear witness
he then gets a partial handy but
jennifer's appetite is too insistent
mr roblewski is moved by the outpouring
of emotion and goes to see if he can
make a connection with this deep feeler
but instead finds an eviscerated student
getting lapped up by bambi we see them
withdraw the body and share in his
parents pain as they vow revenge against
the man what did this
but twerp no man and jennifer has
already ritualistically purified herself
in the crystal waters of lake minnetonka
feeling spry jennifer calls needy to try
to convince her to just move
past all this trauma and also does some
playful limits testing of her power
needy is interrupted however by chip who
needs to get away from the hustle and
bustle of emergency personnel around his
neighbor's house related to the recent
woodland murder and this information
provides additional pieces of evidence
for needy to soak in in the ensuing days
most of the school is in mourning while
the broader world gets a throbbing
tragedy boner over their situation but
time heals all
and as the excitement dies down the kids
start to revitalize except for jennifer
who looks
absolutely haggard after class cool ass
colin decides it's his turn at bat and
asks jennifer out when needy vouches for
him jennifer invites him to her house to
watch some video tapes
on date night we see chip getting wound
up and actually initiating a sexual
encounter and he manages to get things
going while wearing a vest
so that's weird while this wholesomeness
unfolds colin makes his way to the
address provided which is apparently on
meth row the prospect of intercourse has
him scrambling to find a way in even
though there's clearly no movie watching
happening here
but he does find a love den and she does
call him baby so he relents and lays
down on the makeshift bed but she ends
up going to town on him sans safe word
and the intensity causes needy to have
visions that interrupt her experience
as jen quenches her thirst needy hops in
her car to take off
completely blowing through jennifer's
body regardless she's still at the house
when needy arrives and jennifer begins
to bring her over to her point of view
primarily by utilizing her tongue needy
snaps out of it though and demands
answers
we go back to that night and see the
band is into the occult and were
specifically seeking out a version as
part of a broader plan
jen affirmed virgin status to ensure
that they took her in and they ended up
dragging her to the waterfall where they
then engaged in a ritual sacrifice
hoping to enlist the help of satan
to bring them maroon 5 levels of success
where they can basically
[ __ ] goals no matter what they do they
ended up killing her and tossing the
murder weapon into the vortex for good
measure
all she remembers after dying is waking
up and finding needy while desiring food
but she was unable to bring herself to
kill her friend so she went off and
found another victim now when she's fed
she can take a significant degree of
damage without dying these revelations
are too much for needy so she asks
jennifer to leave
in the ensuing days needy learns up on
demonology discovering that the
inadvertent sacrifice of a non-virgin
creates an entry point for a demon when
hungry the demon is weak
and can be killed with a blade to the
heart chip interrupts her research to
talk about serious business
specifically as regards her plans for
the upcoming formal but this is kid talk
to her now
she confides that she's going but only
to keep an eye on jennifer and she
insists that he stay home for his own
safety
on the special night as the ladies of
town glam up chip is given the gift of
his first pepper spray because it's
dangerous out there for young boys right
now and as jennifer wilts in the mirror
you just know she's to get it on needy
arrives totally decked out with her eyes
peeled but is unable to locate jennifer
we see this is because as chip crosses
the misty fields in his hogwarts finery
she is stalking him she attempts to sow
seeds of malcontent by telling him that
needy had been
as the kids say porking colin she then
starts in on him but the lip play gets a
little too intense and needy senses
their coupling
after getting a tip from chip's mom she
tears off down his normal walking route
in the meantime they've taken a detour
to the abandoned pool house
when jennifer can't get much out of this
human equivalent of a stale rice cake
she decides to shake things up a bit and
plays with her food
this gives needy enough time to truck it
across the field and arrive just before
chip is fully murdered she manages to
hold her off long enough to get chip out
of the water at which point they decide
they're no longer blood buddies without
that bond jennifer goes for her but is
held off by chip's final effort
although for all its heroism we get the
sense that she doesn't take this very
seriously
but she does leap giving needy a few
final moments with her boy
as he dies in her arms tonight needy is
so depressed by this outcome that she
goes to bed without changing which
really means she's just gonna have that
much more laundry to do tomorrow but
with a surge of motivation she regains
her focus
straps on the [ __ ] stompers and brings
us back to our old friend
sweet sweet tony needy comes through the
window and after a brief altercation
jennifer turns them into a couple of
floaters
during the mid-air struggle needy rips
off her bff necklace in slow motion for
maximum emotional impact this hits hard
for jennifer who falls back to the bed
needy then puts her full body into
landing inserting box cutter into heart
and then jennifer's mom walks in on them
tremendously upset that they scheduled a
sleepover without permission
flash forward to now we learned that
needy is prone to hallucinations and is
full of anger
also getting bitten by a demon and
surviving imbues one with some special
abilities
so that's cool and after feeling like
she's gotten the most that she can out
of her mindfulness therapy she goes
ahead and walks out after happening upon
the stream where the vortex evacuates
she equips the knife and hitches her way
east
to find and ensure that low shoulder
gets their just desserts
as a heads up they have a website set up
where you can support the channel
through donations or merch
i'd like to take a moment to give a huge
thanks to my donors memorialized in the
hall
of head shots
jennifer's body was an underappreciated
film ahead of its time
sort of the thing is it didn't really
have to be but its release was
completely boned by the terrible
attempts to market a complicated and
nuanced horror-based female
coming-of-age story which is really too
bad because it's a solid film luckily it
seems to be getting a recent resurgence
in the home video market
if you enjoyed the video i'd love for
you to become a part of the channel by
subscribing thanks for watching